OSDOCS-12755 adding admonition to only use marketplace images for compute nodes (#86242)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-aws-marketplace-subscribe.adoc

= Obtaining an AWS Marketplace image
If you are deploying an {product-title} cluster using an AWS Marketplace image, you must first subscribe through AWS. Subscribing to the offer provides you with the AMI ID that the installation program uses to deploy compute nodes.

[NOTE]
====

> You should only modify the {op-system} image to use an AWS Marketplace image for compute machines. Control plane machines do not contribute to licensing costs when using the default image, but if you apply an AWS Marketplace image for a control plane machine, usage costs will apply. In addition, infrastructure machines can run the default image without incurring licensing costs, but if you apply an AWS Marketplace image to infrastructure machines they will incur licensing costs.

Reviewer: ```
You should only modify the {op-system} image to use an AWS Marketplace image for compute machines. Control plane machines/nodes do not generate subscription costs when using the public RHCOS default image. However, if you assign an AWS Marketplace image to a control plane machine, usage costs will apply. Similarly, Infrastructure machines/nodes can operate with the public RHCOS default image. image without incurring licensing fees, but applying an AWS Marketplace image to them will result in licensing costs.
```

> You should only modify the {op-system} image to use an AWS Marketplace image for compute machines. Control plane machines and nodes do not generate subscription costs when using the public RHCOS default image. However, if you assign an AWS Marketplace image to a control plane machine, usage costs will apply. Similarly, infrastructure machines and nodes can use the public RHCOS default image without incurring usage costs, but applying an AWS Marketplace image to them will incur licensing costs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should only modify the {op-system} image for compute machines to use an AWS Marketplace image. Control plane machines and infrastructure nodes do not require an OpenShift subscription and will use (by default) the public RHCOS default image, which does not incur subscription costs on your AWS bill. Therefore, you should not modify the cluster's default boot image or the control plane's boot images. Applying the AWS Marketplace image to them will incur additional licensing costs that cannot be recovered.
```
